Template: jalview/identifiersservice
Type: boolean
Default: true
_Description: Allow downloading data automatically from identifiers.org?
 Automatically downloading a list of URL templates for biological databases
 from identifiers.org is a convenience for users but can be deactivated as it
 causes an automatic ping to a web server.
 Users can enable or disable this service from their own configuration file.

Template: jalview/news
Type: boolean
Default: true
_Description: Allow fetching news from the Jalview website?
 Fetched news are put into a popup window at startup. They are informative to
 users but imply they are automatically grasped from the Jalview website. The
 latter records the IP address of the machine to make statistics about the
 number of users.
 Users can enable or disable news fetching from their own configuration file.

Template: jalview/questionnaire
Type: boolean
Default: true
_Description: Allow querying the Jalview website about a user questionnaire?
 User questionnaires are proposed from time to time on the Jalview website,
 there can be an automatic query to look for them at startup but this implies
 pinging the Jalview website, which records the IP address of the machine to
 make statistics about the number of users.
 Users can enable or disable the query from their own configuration file.

Template: jalview/jws2services
Type: boolean
Default: true
_Description: Allow pinging the JABAWS web services at startup?
 The JABAWS web services give access to larger analysis features than if one
 runs only the standalone application. The ping at startup leads to discovering
 the available services.
 Users can enable or disable the startup discovery from their own configuration
 file or from the settings window in the application.

Template: jalview/htmltemplates
Type: boolean
Default: true
_Description: Allow downloading HTML templates automatically from Github?
 This feature allows to download the latest 'BioJS' HTML export template
 automatically from the Github repository at startup.
 Users can enable or disable this feature from their own configuration file.
